If this is your first time retrieving CVS, you will need to build the
configure script and config.h.in dependency.  Just run

	sh ./autogen.sh

and you should be okay.

Compilation / installation goes something like this:

	./configure --prefix=/usr/local
	make
	cd test
	[run tests]
	make install

If you are on x86(_64) if may be wise to send your CFLAGS along to
configure, as dependening on them, SIMD code will be activated, ie:

	CFLAGS="-march=athlon-xp" ./configure --prefix=/usr/local

configure will detect that "-march=athlon-xp" activates MMX, SSE,
3dNOW!, SSE-MMX and 3dNOW! extended. You can also explicitly enable a
specific SIMD instruction set via CFLAGS, ie -mmmx activates MMX on the
GCC compiler. Refer to its manual. Currently OpenAL only features some
MMX code though, so other SIMD instruction set are ignored.
On x86 (32 bit) it is advised to have nasm installed. Then it is safe
to activate all SIMD instruction sets at compile time, as at runtime the
detection will only activate supported SIMD routines.
(Above example shouldn't be used as such though, as it doesn't do any
optimization, so send more flags and/or use the optimization configure
option.)


configure options:
	--enable-debug        Enable debugging info.
	--enable-optimization Enables optimization.

etc...  Use --help to determine the rest.  Most people will be fine with
--enable-optimization.

Debugging options are now in the form:

	--enable-debug-blah

in general, this will give you too much information to be useful on a
particular topic.  Use --enable-debug-maximus to get all debugging
messages possible.

If this is your first time installing openal, you'll probably need to
run ldconfig.

ATTENTION:

The following changes have taken place that may alter the manner in
which an installation works on your machine.  Please be advised:

	- SDL is no longer required to build --- the conversion code
	  has been copied into the audioconvert directory.

If you experience any problems building or with the test code, please
email me: jvalenzu@linuxgames.com.  Thanks.

jv.
